So we want to use re-act native navigation because it's a really nice library which just works very
well here on their documentation off re-act native navigation.
You'll find instructions using yarn which is an alternative to NPM.
You can simply run NPM install dash dash save instead of an ADD.
So this is what all do.
I'll go back to my project and they're all just run NPM installed dash dash save reac dash native dash
navigation.
Now one important note.
Just be sure to install version 1 and you can force this by adding at at one ofter NPM install dash
dash save reac dash native navigation.
That's the package name.
Just download it.
Last entry in the package don't chase and fall.
And allows us to continue with the set up so that we can soon use it or it will take a couple of seconds.
We're not done once to download it though.
Instead what we'll do is or what we have to do is follow the steps which are laid out here.
But it's really not that difficult.
First of all we have to do the normal linking in X code which I already showed you.
So make sure to open your project in X code to do that.
Once you are in X code right click on libraries click on Add files to your project go to node modules
in your project folder and search for you react native navigation package dare there.
Go into the iOS folder and in that folder search for it is thought to X code project fall.
Here it is simply click and thereafter and then click on your project name your in the top left bar.
Click on build faces and they're on linked binary with libraries.
Click on this last at the bottom of the list.
Simply search for re-act native navigation here.
It is already and click ADD.
Now that's the first step.
Now if you go back to the application we see that we actually covered steps 2 and 3 with data already.
So we linked our binary we added it to the project.
The next step is described pretty well here.
So what do we have to do is we have to click on our project
and then click on build settings next to build faces bold settings.
Now there you probably have to click on all.
So switch from basic to all and then you may search for hador here or even Hatter's search or SCA sauted
you'll find these headers search postes your.
Now you have to look at mentation.
We can see that now on these headers search paths we have to enter this link here and you don't need
to replace anything in that POV.
Just add it to your headers search paths.
Just double click here on the right and click on the small.
Plus I can here and does parfum you just copy it and make sure to switch it from non-recursive to recursive
and then just click anywhere.
Out of this box it should now be added and an automated he picks your full path.
Does this step 4 finished and you can even view some screenshots for all these parts if it's unclear.
The next step is in X code to edit the app delegate dot M-file.
So in your project you will find it here.
App delegate dot M and now simply click on this reference links to a list on their page.
There you find to contemned you should paste into that file.
You can simply click on raw here to get just text which you can copy and with that go back and simply
replace the entire content off this file with as content you just copied just like the AT and with that
your.
I was set up is completed.
You should now be able to use this navigation.
Now let's follow with the installation for Android in the next lecture.